hey this is aunt feasel TV we can watch
decide and ride welcome to our 2014
motorcycle short boot and riding shoe
buying guide available at revzilla.com
so in this video I'm going to walk
through a mixture of short boot and
riding shoe options some for the sport
bike riders some for the v-twin guy and
a couple that'll be great commuting
options we're starting just under 100
bucks and maxing out at that $300 range
from v-twin to commuter to sport bike
riding options there should be something
for you and remember if you want to shop
the full collection click right here you
can watch detailed breakdown videos of
everything I have for you today it's
part of our larger 2014 motorcycle gear
buying guide series at revzilla.com
first up in your journey is the speed
and strength black 9 riding sneaker $89
it's going to be flexible going to be
pretty casual and again I don't
typically recommend riding sneakers but
I like what they've done sub 100 bucks
it has a decent amount of girth to it in
the toe as well as the heel with great
protection at the ankle as well
lightweight it is a sneaker but again
it's nice to see them beefed up the
protection in such a light weight riding
shoe from there I move into a brand new
juggernaut in the mix this is the
Alpinestars faster replacing the
Alpinestars Fastlane which is one of the
best-selling boots of 2013 again riding
shoe design very italian inspired
they've upgraded the ankle protection as
well as upgrading the lateral side toe
protection on the boot for 2014 you're
at 129 bucks there's also a vented
version moving right along now I move it
to the TC X X wrap the successor for the
X treat now the X treat was a little
lower it had a waterproof version and
again it covered a lot of different
riding styles the X wrap is now higher
it only comes in a WP version at 149
bucks notice this is anthracite with
high vis great ankle protection great
toe protection there's also a classic
black and a tan version available check
it out and I'm hoping they do a vented
or non waterproof version as we move
further into the year moving to the
middle of my table now I have the Alpine
stars SM x1 one of the best-selling
riding shoes of all time for the sport
oriented crowd this is the new black
shadow colorway for 2014 again 1:59
aggressive toast slider great ankle
protection this is really a half-height
sm x5 cut down for street use for sport
riding orientation and remember most of
the boots on the table today are going
to cover in America
foot pretty solidly there shouldn't be
too many questions asked when you use
the side chart if you are concerned
though remember we do ship for free and
I'd love for you to argue with me on my
picks of the year subscribe to us at
RevZilla TV on our youtube channel
leaving your comments your questions
your feedback diving right back in now I
have the Dainese Veracruz at one hundred
and sixty nine dollars classic swated
lightweight ankle protection a
lightweight Italian sexy boot great
under a pair of jeans great on a Ducati
Monster and notice they're using a
skywalk sole they incorporate the
third-party soles it just adds that much
more to the boot at 169 bucks moving to
the left now I jump up to $200 this is
the icon 1000 true on black version
Brown version which I'm showing you
right here premium in its nature form
icon 1000 again you can see it all the
way down to the stitching they didn't
skimp on the details there's even an
axial metric steel shank in the sole to
give you better support I love what
they've done it's high enough great
ankle protection and again this oiled
leather really sets it off last year we
saw black and brown do equally equally
well people had a phenomenal experience
with the icon 1000 true on from the
Toronto where back now into Italian sexy
this is the dinies a Dino c2b there's a
Dionysian naked remember there's a Dino
Pro as well that has the metallic hard
parts but it's really a half-size
version of a tiara course out speedlace
system non removable bootie again you
have a great panel that's going to cover
up all of your laces and you have
replaceable hard parts again the Dainese
Dino has been in the line for years and
years and years and continues to be a
staple of the Ducati ste it continues to
be a staple for the Euro bike premium
sport crowd and last up this year we
have rabbit rabbit has now expanded its
Citi collection you have the rabbit
Mohawk which I have which almost reminds
you of a red wing or a Top Sider there's
also the Ginza which is more cafe 289
bucks great ankle protection but really
premium in their design covering that
City collection which is a commuter
scooter rider a Ducati naked bike rider
somebody that's going to rip around head
to work wants to look good in a pair of
jeans and walk around all day but good
great moto protection that they don't
sacrifice style with it so the next step
in your journey is to click right here
watch our detailed breakdown videos of
all the boots I've showed you today read
rider reviews but also check out our
2014 broader moto guide series helmets
jackets boots gloves we give you great
starting places for upgrade or entry
depending on your riding needs as always
we're going to ship for free if you're
concerned about that over
39 bucks if you want to talk to a gear
geek you want to compare and contrast
give us a shout see us at revzilla.com
or
you